docs: add docs about zod, wording improvements (#671)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/architecture/04solution.md

## Validation

- The frontend should validate data as early as possible, usually during input using [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/).
- For more complex validation logic, we use [Zod](https://zod.dev/) in conjunction with [React Hook Form Schema Validation](https://react-hook-form.com/get-started#SchemaValidation).
  For example Zod should be used over default React Hook Form validation when there are inter-dependent form values that need to be validated together, such as validating that a start date is before an end date.

> - Important data should be validated in the backend, even if type validation is already done by actix web.

Reviewer: All data should be validatet in the backend, even if type validation is already done by actix web.

Author: What I meant by type validation is validation that the type is correct, e.g. it can be deserialized from the request body.
From the actix web docs: https://docs.rs/actix-web/latest/actix_web/web/struct.Json.html#extractor
It uses serde underneath.

Author: @markus2330 @temmey 
How about:
All constraints that go beyond the type level validation should be explicitly validated by the backend as well as the frontend.

Reviewer: From a security perspective, the backend should be enough. Since whatever kind of validation we implement in the frontend, it can be bypassed by a malicious user.

Reviewer 2: > From the actix web docs: https://docs.rs/actix-web/latest/actix_web/web/struct.Json.html#extractor
It uses serde underneath.
> All constraints that go beyond the type level validation should be explicitly validated by the backend as well as the frontend.

Great input, I tried to squeeze everything in one sentence:

```suggestion
- All constraints that go beyond the types, e.g. automated validation while [extracting via serde](https://docs.rs/actix-web/latest/actix_web/web/struct.Json.html#extractor), should be explicitly validated by the backend as well as the frontend.
```
